ok,so now we are thinking of building a web based product (phone as well as web compatible _PWA),
now the goal is that there are 3 parts to this whole conversation
1. Pre: how do users get to the app in the first place. how do we even get them to the phone pwa or web app experiencce in the fitst place. ad campaign, targeted? Moms with kids are the focust here since they drive the household purchasing decisioonn. 
2. The experience (MOST IMPORTANT): so we are thinking of pwa base experience that consists of following:
a. QnA or Data Collection opportuniyy Gamified throught digital experiences (think matching with your faviourite player or rather your household's [think about core segment as moms that are making the major household deccision], moms that are interested in sports (multi faceted becasuse their children are also part of the story and of course spouse_)). we are thinkig of about 2-3 digital activation experiences think matching the persona (household , person ) with a prominent soccer player (male and female both), suggest 2nd and 3rd activation experiences. each qna/experience triggers +xp which later can be used to redeem or unclock discounts. think +10xp +10xp +10xp (20 xp gives you this and 30xp gives you that.) wjat that discount (think not just in terms of discount but any incentive that ties to commercial partnership vlaues) is is whole another covneration (what is this discount or win this or lottery, or anything that motivates users to complete experience). user should feel like they're part of the journey not just some data collection experiment. important part is that we ask the most important questions (and how many) , think how can we give most bang for buck for the org that will have this data for commercial activations or opportunities pertaining to moms (and their family, kids are their motivation to goto game or engage in purchases or expernences as well). also think americas city querstin too since we can have localized data for better opportunities. also we think online or tv viewers or fans might outnumber in person attendancse. online/tv segment would be huge commercial opportunity since its huge number but we also give same experience to in person attendees since they will be affluent attendees that could bring lots of revenue.
also think of questions or survey as opportunity for targeted recommendations. innitial activation motivation should be coming from our premise perspecgive (female moms , soccer fans, children, hosuehold, value based). also understanding how do they comsume media or social media or their presense. commercial opportunities based on household during hte games (since commercial activation can still happen during the game). on targeted marketing: think of recommending relevant discount, products, at the end of experience (or each checkpoint). when players are matched , their social media, or any way users can get connected to them more (more activation), what do those players wear or recommend (perhapstyin this to end stage product dicsount/rercommentation). 
3. Post: what are the oppotunities for upcoming fifa wordcup the activate or serve female fans better. advantages of real time, more time, geo, [other factor] relevant. the sell. and future potential
